# Input

`ASm6A_dir` contain files below :
The file (tab character delimitation) include 10 columns :
*(produced by step1)*
1. **contig** - The name of the chromosome.
2. **position** - The position of the variant in the chromosome. The first base in a chromosome is numbered 1.
3. **refAllele** - The reference allele in this position.
4. **altAllele** - The alternative allele in this position.
5. **refRPKM_ratio** - m6A level in reference allele = ref_RPKM_IP/ref_RPKM_Input
6. **altRPKM_ratio** - m6A level in alternative allele = alt_RPKM_IP/alt_RPKM_Input
7. **allelicRatio** - refRPKM_ratio / ( refRPKM_ratio + altRPKM_ratio )
8. **pvalue** - The significant level generated by Fisher exact
9. **oddsratio** -  The odds ratio generated by Fisher exact
10. **qvalue** - The False Discovery Rate generated by Benjamini–Hochberg method
```
contig	position	refAllele	altAllele	refRPKM_ratio	altRPKM_ratio	allelicRatio	pvalue	oddsratio	qvalue
chr1	14599	T	A	9.000360365698876	9.732096980796346	0.48046874999999994	0.5816744580730645	0.9296535028752602	0.6155198270115915
chr1	14604	A	G	9.000360365698876	9.732096980796346	0.48046874999999994	0.5816744580730645	0.9296535028752602	0.6155198270115915
```

# Output

Files are also save in `ASm6A_dir` 
The output file (tab character delimitation) include 10 columns :

1. **contig** - The name of the chromosome.
2. **start** - The start position of the variant in the chromosome. The first base in a chromosome is numbered 0.
3. **position** -  The end position of the variant in the chromosome. The first base in a chromosome is numbered 0.
4. **term** - The information combined from refAllele, altAllele, allelicRatio and allelic direction of this variant.
5. **refRPKM_ratio** - m6A level in reference allele = ref_RPKM_IP/ref_RPKM_Input
6. **altRPKM_ratio** - m6A level in alternative allele = alt_RPKM_IP/alt_RPKM_Input
7. **mark** - The allelic direction of a variant. (When the variant is not statistically significant, this column will be blank.)
```text
chr9	25677348	25677349	A>C;0.56;ref	11.4	8.8	ref
chr9	91992572	91992573	A>T;0.41;alt	2.43	3.52	alt
```

```text
chr1	20977448	20977449	G>T;0.51;unsig	5.75	5.47	
chr1	55207537	55207538	G>A;0.47;unsig	6.16	6.84	
```
